Docs: Add documentation for reporting.enabled config option (#46606)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/enterprise/reporting.md

```ini

> [reporting]

Reviewer: Is this enabled by default?

Reviewer 2: it is

> # Enable/disable the reporting feature. If disabled, no reports will be generated and the UI will be hidden.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Use this option to enable or disable the reporting feature. When disabled, no reports are generated, and the UI is hidden. By default, reporting is enabled?.
```
